Appointment with Christian Hofmann from digitalXL on 16. March, 2022

The meeting has been recorded, you can find it[here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1b2cHc_j7jm7okt9haAjaIm_7O8MVrfJe/view?usp=sharing)(only German).

The following list contains only the Goog-To-Knwos for this marketplace. It is an addition to the detailed helpdesk article, which is quite up to date. Therefore, you should read the[helpdesk article](https://help.xentral.com/hc/en-us/articles/360016721780-Kaufland-de)first. Next to that, the following notes will require some basic knowledge about shop interfaces in Xentral. Refer to this[article](https://help.xentral.com/hc/en-us/articles/360016756799-Online-Shops)for all the basic features.

**Connecting the marketplace:**

- The interface might still be named as “real.de” in older xentral instances.
- Manual for connection on our Helpdesk is still up to date.
- Xentral imports some basic data from Kaufland when clicking on “check connection” in the interface. That way, xentral will know about the product categories needed by the customer.

**Special interface settings:**

- Record in log file: This activates the logging procedure, the old log file (URL: …module=logfile) will be used.
- Always transfer product data: This is supposed to more or less automate the product data export towards Kaufland. The setting is no “Must-Have”, it is a bit unclear how powerful this checkbox really is.
- Remove article without stock number: This will deactivate the Kaufland product as soon as the warehouse runs out of stock. The feature is not required unless you sell unique products (e. g. art, antiques, …).

**Products:**

*Get products to xentral:*

- Do a CSV import or a manual setup of your products first, then map the products to Kaufland.
- The EAN in each product is mandatory for Kaufland.
- The maximum delivery time is mandatory as well, it is added in the product specific settings of each product (Product -> Online Shop Settings -> Kaufland connection -> Gear symbol)
- The initial Mapping of the products happens by the tab “Product mapping” in the shop interface. Click on “Pick up the item list” first. Each product in xentral can then be mapped manually. Finalize the mapping by clicking on “Assign item”.

Note: **Don’t do this twice**. If it is done twice, you double the entries for the product mapping.

- Importing foreign numbers from Kaufland by CSV is difficult, since the needed Kaufland numbers are not easily accessible. That’s why we must use the mapping tab in the interface.

*Creating new products:*

- This should be done in xentral, not Kaufland. Create the product in xentral and push it towards Kaufland, this will automatically add the needed mapping.
- Kaufland has a number of mandatory fields, which are found when opening the product and going to the online shop settings. In the entry for the shop connection, click on the gear-symbol and choose the product category. With the category, a number of fields will be shown. Those fields are partly mandatory for the product export, they can be filled using free fields or other variables (CSV import therefore possible).
- When all fields are filled, the product can be pushed to Kaufland using the arrow symbol of the connection entry.

- Kaufland will check each product which is transferred. This might lead to a time delay when exporting or updating products from xentral to Kaufland.
- Kaufland distinguishes between A-, B- and C-kind of products. If this is a use case for the customer, it is necessary to create a single product for each of these types.

**Order import:**

Order import happens by standard settings. Be aware of the following:

- There is no such thing as “status” in Kaufland (ignore Helpdesk for this point). Xentral will import all unfulfilled orders starting at the specific date, given in the shop settings. It will not import fulfilled orders.
- The invoice will be uploaded automatically to Kaufland, as soon as it exists.
- Creating the invoice must happen in Stage 1 of the auto dispatching -> Make sure you did not mark the checkbox in Stage 1 of your project which postpones the invoice creation until Stage 2.
- The same holds if a fulfillment process is used. Don’t wait with the invoice creation until the tracking code is generated. Kaufland wants to have the invoice uploaded right after the order is imported.
- The checkbox “Deactivate automatic feedback:” should be activated in the shop settings, since Kaufland demands the tracking code (similar to amazon). The timing of sending the tracking code is used by Kaufland to trigger the payment transaction to the seller.
- Carrier Mapping: Everything is standard for the mapping, the outgoing shipping fields are not needed.

**For testing:**

We have a Kaufland test account, more specific data is found in Confluence:

[https://xentral.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/ECOM/pages/827785248/Kaufland+Real+Links](https://xentral.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/ECOM/pages/827785248/Kaufland+Real+Links)

(Be careful, don’t mess it up if you log in)